April 14, 2020
Our team decided early on to meet online in order to complete the project. 
We broke down the milestone deliverable and then assigned parts to the team members. 
Members of the team were assigned to complete the Gantt chart predictions and plan the code necessary for implementation. 
Understanding this was just the basic HTML outline of the “Create Account” page, we broke down the provided code and planned out how we were going to execute.
April 17, 2020 
Meeting on Friday, we were able to check the Gantt chart to ensure we were on schedule and discuss our pseudocode. 
Friday afternoon, we worked together to construct the “Create Account” web page and the corresponding Sphinx documentation. 
Each team member was able to commit their assigned aspect to the GitHub repository. 
We did spend a majority of Friday trying to perfect our code. 
Since we were unable to collaborate in person, this did take longer than expected, but we were able to get the webpage working as wanted. 
We spent most of Saturday and Sunday reviewing our HTML and Sphinx, pushing various commits to perfect our code.
Meanwhile, we kept an eye on our Gantt chart, making sure to update it as part of the project was complete. 
We were able to early on assign part of the project to members which allowed us to spend the week working on our individual aspects and putting it all together at the end
Lennie was assigned to work on the progress report and the login/logout functions of the code. 
Dominic was assigned to create the register function and was able to create and upload all necessary files. 
Alireza was assigned to develop a Gantt chart for the predictions and oversee the updating of the actual chart and worked on code functions. 
Ben was assigned to work on code functions of the app and help oversee the Sphinix documentation of the program. 
Given that we did this over video chat, we were able to work together rather efficiently.
We would want to improve in trying to meet earlier on instead of a couple days before the milestone is due. 
We spent a lot of time trying to get the code working together and that could be improved by updating over the week. 
In the next milestone, we want to spend more time working on video chat and trying to increase collaboration even though we are not at school. 
Overall, we were able to execute this milestone efficiently over a short period of time, working together well.
